# Vba_Challenge
        Vba Challenge
        Overveiw
In this Challenge we were tasked with analysing the stocks of 12 componies of the course of 2017 and 2018 to provide quality information to Steve to assist his parents. Through the analysis we were able to get a clear picture on which stocks have perfomed well throughout the two years, and which ones have not. As through using VBA and nested for loops, the analysis was able to be completed swiftly and accuratly. 
        Results
The results of my code were a little underperforming. With the modulare code running perfectly I was able to grasp the information provided, however I failed when it came to refracting the code. Where I failed I am unsure, it is on me as I didnt put the time in to come to office hours, a mistake I wont make agian. Yet from what I know of where I failed had something to do with my settup with my for loops in the refracting process. The code would run and I would recieve Error 9 stating that I had to many values for my tickersVolumes variable. Yet attempting to troubleshoot this problem did not result in any meaningful change. Furthermore, and also related to my nested for loops, the values were not properly storing as an array. Dispite my failures, I was able to run the program to recognize that refracting code does decrease the run time of the program. As for performance of the stocks it showed that ENPH and RUN had positive gains in both 2017 and 2018 wereas all other componies had at least one year of negitive returns.
        Summery
For such a small data set such as the one presented, refracting code may not have as large of an impact compared to a data set with much more values. Yet the shorter amount of time can still be a large improvment for the functionality of code. However, on a personal note and being new to coding, I found this process extremly difficult. I would attempt to trouble shoot the problems by adding msgboxes to visualise the processing of the code, only to by stuck in a loop clicking through the msgboxes appearing. Yet with practice and deeper understanding of coding, refracting will prove to be a valuable skill to have. 
